# NNCI-Monthly-User-Reporting

Modifies tables from an external financial database, so they can be imported into a local financial database. 
Compiles financial summaries generated by the database, into financial reports. 

## Program Files and Directories
1.  [**NNCI Monthly User Reporting Tool.docx**](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool.docx) Workflow for producing an NNCI report. Embedded functions inside the document prepare the report autonomously. *[Online preview of NNCI Month User Reporting Tool.docx](./Demos/NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool.pdf)*
2.  [**NNCI Monthly User Reporting Tool**](NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool) Directory containing all script files embedded in the NNCI Monthly User Reporting Tool.docx when it is in Google Drive as a .gdoc file.
      - [_appsscript.json_](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool/appsscript.json) *[Apps Script Manifest](https://developers.google.com/apps-script/concepts/manifests) for the workflow tool*
      - [_UI.js_](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool/UI.js) *Adds a toolbar menu to the workflow tool so users can access the added functionality*
      - [_initialize-year.js_](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool/initialize-year.js) *Creates a new Yearly Report from a template then modifies it for the desired year*
      - [_open.js_](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool/open.js) *Modifies an HTML template for the specified use and passes it to the client*
      - [_open-report.html_](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool/open-report.html) *HTML template for a popup window* 
      - [_open-selector.html_](./NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool/open-selector.html) *HTML template for a modal box that shows a searchable list of existing Yearly Reports*

3.  [**\_scr**](./_scr) A directory containing dictionary files and a library. When the NNCI Monthly User Reporting Tool generates a new Yearly Report, this library is linked to the new report; adding required functionality. *[Online preview of a Yearly Report](./Demos/2021-09_2020-10.pdf)*
    - [_dictionary_eid.json_](./_scr/dictionary_eid.json) Dictionary file of student EIDs. *UT Austin [controlled information](https://security.utexas.edu/policies/data_classification) removed.*
    - [_dictionary_professors.json_](./_scr/dictionary_professors.json) Dictionary file of Professors and their research areas. *UT Austin [controlled information](https://security.utexas.edu/policies/data_classification) removed.*
    - [**Financial Report Manager**](./scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager) Directory holding library modules linked to a Yearly Report.
      - [_appsscript.json_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/appsscript.json) *[Apps Script Manifest](https://developers.google.com/apps-script/concepts/manifests) for the library*
      - [_UI.js_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/UI.js) *Adds a toolbar menu to the year report so users can access the added functionality*
      - [_open.html_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/open.html) *HTML template for a popup window*   
      - [_open-resource.js_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/open-resource.js) *Modifies open.html for the specified use and passes it to the client*
      - [_digest-raw-tmi-data.js_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/digest-raw-tmi-data.js) *Finds data files from external sources, imports, cleans, reorganizes the data; then merges it with required additional data before saving it as a new file. Notifies users of entries that require manual fixing.
      - [_download-tmi-billcodes.js_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/download-tmi-billcodes.js) *Finds files containing processed external data, zips them, and generates a download link*
      - [_download-tmi-billcode.html_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/download-tmi-billcode.html) *HTML template for an automatically opening download link*
      - [_insert-status-results.js_](./_scr/Financial%20Report%20Manager/insert-status-results.js) *Imports report data generated by an external database, transforms it, then inserts it into the Yearly Report)*

3.  [**Templates**](./Templates) A directory containing blank templates, that serve as the starting point for new file initialization.
    - [_Templates.xlsx_](./Templates/Template.xlsx) *NNCI Report Template. Is a .gdoc when stored on Google Drive* 
## Demos and Supporting Information

1. [**Demos**](./Demos)
   - [2021-09_2020-10 NNCI Report](./Demos/2021-09_2020-10.pdf) *UT Austin [controlled information](https://security.utexas.edu/policies/data_classification) removed. Replaced with randomly generated data within the same magnitude*
   - [NNCI Monthly User Reporting Tool](./Demos/NNCI%20Monthly%20User%20Reporting%20Tool.pdf) Workflow in pdf form to allow for viewing on GitHub
